[Gabby gasps]
♪ Meow, meow, meow, meow, meow ♪
♪ Hey, Gabby ♪
♪ Take us to the Dollhouse ♪
♪ Little by little
Let's live in the meow ♪
♪ Meow, meow, meow, meow, meow, meow ♪
♪ Meow, meow, meow, meow, meow ♪
♪ Hey, Gabby ♪
♪ What's the big surprise? ♪
♪ Meow, meow, meow, meow, meow ♪
♪ Let's shrink right down and go inside ♪
♪ Hey, Gabby ♪
♪ Meow ♪
Hey! Check this out.
I'm drawing a picture of Floyd.
Here's his furry body,
his cute little head,
two ears, and his fuzzy tail.
There.
Ta-da!
What do you guys think?
[as Pandy] "Uh...
It looks like a bowl of spaghetti to me."
Oh. Yeah, I can see that.
Floyd and spaghetti:
Two of my favorite things mixed together.
♪ Meow, meow, meow, meow, meow ♪
Ooh! You know what that sound means.
It's time for a Dollhouse Delivery!
Come on.
♪ Meow, meow, meow ♪
♪ Meow ♪
Let's see what's inside
of our Meow Meow Mailbox today.
Ooh, I hope it's a good one.
[gasps]
Ooh!
It's a really glittery box.
Should we open it?
Yeah.
This paper is so shiny.
OK, let's see.
[gasps]
It's a glitter globe!
With the Dollhouse inside!
Hey, wait a minute.
This is strange.
The roof is on the bottom...
the ear is on the side...
but this Dollhouse is all mixed up.
Hmm.
Let's see what happens when we shake it.
[clattering]
Ooh. That didn't sound good.
It sounds like it's broken.
Maybe someone in the Dollhouse
can help us fix it. Come on.
Hey, wait a minute.
The bathtub is in the music room?
That doesn't belong there!
That goes in the bathroom.
Hmm.
[gasps]
I think when I shook
this mixed-up glitter globe,
it mixed up the Dollhouse.
[gasps]
We'd better get in there and fix this.
Time to get tiny.
♪ A pinch on my left
Pinch, pinch on my right ♪
♪ Grab Pandy's hand and hold on tight! ♪
Whee!
Come on in! Hurry!
Gabby!
MerCat?
Oh, thank goodness you're here!
I was getting ready to take a bath,
when I heard these really silly sounds,
and, poof, I'm here.
I think I know what happened, MerCat.
Let's find Pandy, then I can show you.
Do you see Pandy?
I don't see him. Where is he?
-Hug attack! [laughs]
-[Gabby laughs]
Oh, Pandy.
[Gabby giggles]
Hey! Hey! What's up, guys?
Hey, DJ Catnip.
[music couch chimes]
Whoa!
Uh... Bathtub in the music room?
This is kind of funky.
But... now I won't have to walk upstairs
to take a bath!
Sorry, Catnip.
The bathtub cannot stay here.
Don't worry. We'll figure this out.
I think this happened when I shook
this mixed-up glitter globe.
Well, maybe if we just shake it again,
it will fix the problem.
Whoa! Pandy, that might make things worse.
We'll have to figure out another way
to get the tub back to the bathroom.
I'll handle it. [grunts]
A little help, please?
[all grunt]
It's way too heavy.
We're gonna need another solution.
Let's think.
[Gabby] Hmm.
[Pandy] Hmm.
[MerCat] Hmm.
You know, sometimes a little music
helps me come up with new ideas.
Let's try it.
[bubbly tune playing]
Ooh! That's a bubbly little tune.
-I like it.
-[MerCat gasps]
A bubbly little tune?
That gives me an idea.
We can solve this problem with a little...
♪ Spa Science ♪
[MerCat giggles]
-[Pandy] What are those?
-My travel bubbles!
Travel bubbles?
Never leave home without them.
DJ Catnip,
you wiggle on over here with that tuba.
Is it OK if I blow some bubbles in there?
Sure. I love bubbles.
[bubbly tune playing]
Now it's a real bubbly tune.
Whoa! Look at all the bubbles!
Gabby, Pandy, hop in!
-[Gabby giggles]
-Yeah!
We're floating!
You've got to be kitten me!
[bubbly tune continues]
[MerCat] It's like I always say,
bubbles just make things better.
[MerCat giggles]
♪ When your tub is stuck
And you've got troubles ♪
♪ Bubbles, bubbles, bubbles ♪
♪ When you want to kick back
And relax on the double ♪
♪ Bubbles, bubbles, bubbles ♪
♪ Just mix soap and water
You know what you've got ♪
♪ Bubbles, bubbles, bubbles ♪
♪ When I want to get clean
You know what I need? ♪
♪ Bubbles, bubbles, bubbles ♪
♪ Feeling so free, swimming in a sea of ♪
Uh-oh!
We're floating right past the bathroom.
Not a problem.
We just need to pop some of these bubbles
and lower ourselves down.
Yes! I love popping bubbles!
♪ Bubbles, bubbles, bubbles ♪
We're almost there!
[all] We did it!
Oh, thanks for helping me
with that bathtub mix-up.
[giggles] You guys are the bubbles!
Thank you!
Your Spa Science is mer-mazing!
[bubbly tune continues]
[DJ Catnip] Hey! You guys all good?
[Gabby] Yep. All fixed.
Thanks, DJ Catnip.
[DJ Catnip] Anytime, kitty cats.
[tuba squeaks]
[bubbly tune playing]
I thought I heard some music down here.
Oh, what's up, CatRat?
I was just playing something to help
the bathtub fly back up to the bathroom.
-Oh.
-All right, I'll catch you later.
Wait.
Did he just say he was helping fly
the bathtub back up to the bathroom?
I got to get my ears checked.
Oh!
What do we have here?
Shiny is miney!
Some glitter sprinkles for you.
Oh, can't forget you, little cookie.
-Sprinkle, sprinkle, sprinkle.
-[Cat-A-Vator bell dings]
Sprinkle, sprinkle, sprinkle!
-Hi, CatRat.
-Oh, hey, Cakey.
Just passing through.
[CatRat grunts]
[sighs] There's something not quite right
about this glitter globe.
Maybe if I shake it.
[clattering]
I think this thing is broken.
[Cakey] Hey! What happened?
What's going on?
Help! Gabby! Pandy!
-That sounds like Cakey!
-Let's go see what's going on.
-Bye, MerCat!
-Bye! Oh, and good luck!
[Cat-A-Vator bell dings]
[Gabby gasps]
Whoa!
I love what Cakey's done with the place.
Cakey? Where are you, buddy?
[Cakey] I'm under here! Help!
Oh! Hang on, Cakey!
[both inhale and blow]
Oh, thank you!
No problem, buddy. What happened in here?
Well, CatRat came by
with the glitter globe.
Then I heard all kinds of silly sounds.
The next thing I know,
I'm covered in glitter sprinkles.
Uh-oh.
CatRat must have picked up the mixed-up
glitter globe and shook it up.
And now my whole kitchen's covered
in glitter sprinkles?
This is gonna take forever to clean up.
Wah-hah!
It's OK, Cakey.
We'll help you clean this up.
[sniffles] You will?
Of course.
Then we'll find CatRat and make sure
he doesn't shake that thing again.
Hey, check out my moves!
Sweet sweep style, Pandy.
Sweep style?
Oh, yeah! Look at that!
I'm sweeping in style.
Pandy! That's a cat-tastic idea!
We can use our sweep styles
to clean this Kitchen up fast.
I have just the thing!
Put these sponges on your feet.
♪ Show me your sweep style ♪
♪ He shoots, he scores! ♪
♪ Sweeping glitter off the floor ♪
♪ Show me your sweep style ♪
♪ Cleaning up can be demanding ♪
♪ Almost done, got to stick the landing ♪
♪ Show me your sweep style ♪
♪ Taking clean to the extreme ♪
♪ I'm flipping over this glitter pile ♪
♪ See what I mean? ♪
♪ Show me your sweep style ♪
Yes! We did it!
Oops! Sorry.
[others giggle]
OK. Now we just need to figure out what
to do with this giant pile of glitter.
Well, we just sweep-styled it
off the floor.
I can't put it on my cookies.
That gives me an idea.
[Gabby giggles]
Cookie hair.
Now, check this out.
Meowser! I love this Dollhouse!
I think these cookies could use
some glitter sprinkles, don't you?
[inhales and blows]
The glitter sprinkles stuck to the cookie!
You try this one. Ready?
Blow!
[gasps] So pretty!
All right, to get rid of this giant pile,
we're gonna have to all blow together.
On the count of three, blow!
Count with us.
[all] One...
two...
three...
blow!
[all inhale and blow]
[Pandy] Whoa!
-Ooh!
-[Cakey] Whoa!
Sparkly cookie wallpaper?
It's like a dream come true!
Nice job!
-Oh, these look good enough to eat!
-Oh, that reminds me.
Who wants a cookie?
Don't mind if I do.
A little snacky for my packy.
-Yum!
Thanks for cleaning up with me.
You're welcome, Cakey.
I'm just glad we were able
to clean up that mix-up.
As long as we find CatRat in time,
nothing else can go wrong now.
[Carlita panting]
[Carlita grunts]
Hey, Carlita. You got to check out
this weird whatchamjiggy.
Just a second, CatRat.
I'm right in the middle
of tennis practice.
[panting] Ooh! Want to join me?
And get all sweaty?
You know I hate getting wet. Geh!
Have fun.
How am I gonna fix this thing?
Oh.
Maybe if I shake it super hard.
[clattering]
Nope, still broken.
Huh? Toilet paper?
Argh!
Traveling toilet paper! [squeals]
Ricocheting rolls!
[Carlita panting]
Help!
-[Gabby] Oh, no!
-[Pandy] Carlita!
Whoa! Pandy, look out!
Since when can toilet paper fly?
-[Carlita gasps]
-[Gabby grunts]
-Watch out, Gabby!
-Whoa!
My tennis balls,
they turned into toilet paper!
[Pandy] Yikes!
-Look out!
-[Gabby gasps and grunts]
Wait a minute. Did you see that?
Let me try something.
[gasps] It worked!
When I hit the toilet paper,
it turned back into a tennis ball.
Hmm.
Come on, Pandy!
Toilet-paper tennis, anyone?
[Gabby grunts]
I'm in.
I'm always in for a good game.
OK. Everybody stand in front of
one of the launchers. I'll be red.
-I'll be blue.
-[Carlita] I'll be yellow.
The launchers light up before they launch.
You tell us which color lights up
so we can hit it.
Ready?
Here we go!
Which color is lighting up?
Red!
Now which color?
[Carlita] Yellow!
[Carlita grunts]
[Pandy] Blue!
Hi-yah!
It's working! Keep going.
Now which color?
Blue!
[Gabby] Red!
[Pandy] Blue!
[Carlita] Yellow! [grunts]
Oh, yeah!
[Pandy grunts]
Yeah!
We did it!
We turned all the toilet paper
back to tennis balls.
Wahoo! Yeah!
Thanks for your help. You were cat-tastic!
You guys
really saved my bumpers on that one.
[Gabby giggles]
First time I've ever played
toilet-paper tennis.
I do love a new experience.
-Hey, Baby Box.
-Oh, hey, CatRat.
[sighs] This thing is all mixed up.
-You think you can help me fix it?
-Sure!
Listen. It makes all these silly sounds
when you shake it.
[clattering]
[gasps] CatRat!
Gah! What happened to me?
I'm... I'm...
I'm CraftRat!
This is horrible!
Whoa, CatRat! What happened?
He shook that thing.
Then, suddenly, he was him,
but made out of crafts!
I look like something
you stick to the fridge
with little, itty-bitty magnets!
Somebody's got to fix me!
Would a cookie cheer you up?
I can't eat a cookie with a paper head!
Oh, right. I'll save it for you for later.
Don't worry, CatRat.
We'll find a way to get you back to
your regular, scruffy, fluffy little self.
[groans] OK.
How are we gonna fix this one?
I don't know... yet!
But maybe if we fix
the mixed-up glitter globe,
we can fix CatRat.
I'm already working on it, Gabby.
Here are the pieces
of the mixed-up glitter globe.
And here's the blueprint of the Dollhouse.
We just have to match the pieces.
Like a puzzle!
[Baby Box] Let's build it.
Where does this piece go?
Right here.
[Pandy] Where does this piece go?
Oh, yeah! Right here!
My turn.
Where do these pieces go?
Right here.
[Pandy] Where does this go?
Oh, yeah! The tail!
CatRat,
do you want to put on the last piece?
I'll try.
[CatRat groans]
Lousy pipe cleaner hands!
I can't grab anything!
I'll do it for you, CatRat.
Where does the Cat-A-Vator go?
Oh, yeah, right in the middle.
We did it!
It's fixed! Wahoo!
But I'm not back to normal.
I think we need to do one more thing.
Shake it? Do we get to shake it?
We sure do!
Yes! Finally!
OK.
Everybody say, "Shake, shake, shake!"
[all] Shake, shake, shake! Ooh!
[gasps] I'm me again!
Yay! [chuckles]
[CatRat grunts]
Oh, I missed me.
-Thanks, guys.
-We'll always help you out, CatRat.
I'll take that cookie now.
Why, thank you.
-[CatRat munching] Mm!
-[Carlita] Beep-beep!
Hey!
Did you fix the mixed-up glitter globe?
We sure did! You want to show them, Pandy?
I get to shake it?
You bet I do!
Shake, shake, shake!
-[DJ Catnip] Beautiful!
-[Carlita] So pretty!
-[MerCat] Ooh!
-[Cakey] Whoa!
Thanks for helping me fix
the mixed-up glitter globe.
Are you ready for another surprise?
♪ Gabby Cat, Gabby Cat ♪
♪ Gabby Cat of the Day! ♪
Pom-poms and polka dots!
It's me, Baby Box!
You want to see something I love?
This is my glitter globe!
When I get upset about something,
and I want to calm down,
I just shake up my glitter globe
and take a big breath, like this.
[inhales]
Then I breathe out...
[exhales]
...and watch the glitter all fall down.
It really helps me feel better.
Do you want to make one with me?
Let's get crafting!
You're gonna need a jar with a lid,
some pipe cleaners,
a marker,
two little triangles of paper,
your trusty glue stick,
some water,
and... some sparkly glitter!
I love glitter. It's so sparkly!
OK, first we're gonna draw
a kitty face on the jar.
Turn the jar upside down
so the opening is on the bottom.
Then take your marker
and draw two little kitty eyes,
a cute little nose,
and a big smile.
There.
Now let's give this kitty
some pipe-cleaner whiskers.
Use your trusty glue stick
and stick the whiskers on the side
of the kitty face, like this.
There.
As the glue dries,
pour your water into the jar.
Whoops!
That's OK.
Then we pour in the glitter.
So sparkly!
Grab your lid.
Make sure you put the lid on super tight
so none of the water leaks out.
Then turn it over for the finishing touch.
Kitty ears!
You have to fold the bottom
of your kitty ears a little bit
so you can put glue on them.
Then stick them on.
One,
two!
Ta-da!
Let's give it a try.
Shake it like this...
breathe in...
[inhales]
...and breathe out.
[exhales]
That always makes me feel better.
I can't wait for you to try yours.
Bye!
Baby Box is right,
glitter does make everything better.
See you next time and we'll...
shake up another adventure.
Bye.